feat: add cli guides (#82)
sapphiredev/website: docs/Guide/CLI/generating-components.md

---
title: Generating components
sidebar_position: 2
---

We can generate components using:

```bash

> sapphire generate <component> <name>

Reviewer: How does this work with alternative formatting placeholders? Those need more documentation, I feel.

> sapphire generate <component> <name>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sapphire generate <component> <name>
```

```

> - **component**: Component name, can be a default one or a custom one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **component**: The component category; either a default one or a custom one
```

- **name**: Name of the created component, e.g. the name of your command

Example:

```bash
sapphire generate command HelloWorld
```

> ## Default components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Default categories
```

Author: @enxg categories vs components, what do you say

Reviewer 2: > @enxg categories vs components, what do you say

Explained this on discord

---
title: Generating components

> sidebar_position: 3

Reviewer 2: `Generating components` should come before `Create custom component templates`
```suggestion
sidebar_position: 2
```
